## Added
* ETCM-7080: add aura and grandpa public keys to registrations data returned from RPC method

## Changed
* IMPORTANT: partner-chains-smart-contracts revision has been updated in flake.nix.  Downstream projects, like Midnight, should keep using the previous value, to keep configuration utilities in sync with their testnets.
* BREAKING: ETCM-5905 - remove all storage maps from pallet-active-flow

* ETCM-7136 - replaced the local partner-chains-session pallet with one from the SDK
* ETCM-7144 - fixes for the mainchain-follower-cli, required changes in mainchain-follower-api
* ETCM-7293 - modularized the MC follower API, db-sync implementation and mock crates,
hiding each data source type behind a feature
* ETCM-6955 - move incoming transactions cache to db-sync-follower and use updated lower bound when after_tx param is not defined
* BREAKING: ETCM-7330 - pallet-sidechain works with generic SidechainParameters. Change is breaking because storages are now generic over SidechainParameters.
  sidechain_getParams returns JSON representation of generic parameters instead of concrete GetParamsResponse.
  sidechain_getEpochSignatures field 'params' has changed - Relay 2.6.x is not compatible with this change, use Relay 2.7.x.
* ETCM-7108 - unknown or 0 stake delegation makes registration invalid. It should not change committee selection results.
* Refactoring: moved `sidechain_getAridaneParameters` and `sidechain_getRegistrations` to `pallet-session-validator-management-rpc`.

## Fixed
* ETCM-7080 - use the same candidate validation as in runtime for `sidechain_getRegistrations` and `sidechain_getAriadneParameters` rpc methods.
