## Changed
* ETCM-7498 - update to polkadot v1.12.0
* ETCM-6262 - changed the way benchmarks are used in runtime. It now contains 'weights' directory with benchmarks for pallets, block and extrinsics overheads, machine and storage. New scripts for generating them were added.
* ETCM-7506 - moved `generate-signatures` functionality to node command `registration-signatures`, output has changed, automation in this repository has been updated
* Extracted SidechainParams to own crate, encouraging users to create their own SidechainParams.
* ETCM-6826 - added runtime api for candidate verification. Candidate verification outside of runtime is done only through runtime api. This node requires runtime to have a spec_version >= 111.
* ETCM-7599 - create custom index from dbsync follower implementation, to avoid using custom db-sync image
* ETCM-7512 - added registration-status command to sidechains-substrate-node cli
* RocksDB is explicitly made a sc-client-db backend
* ETCM-7610 implemented 'establish bootnode' step from prepare-configuration wizard
* Rust toolchain and docker builder images are updated to 1.77.0
* ETCM-7611 implemented 'establish sidechain parameters' step from prepare-configuration wizard
* ETCM-7613 implemented 'create-chain-spec' wizard
* ETCM-7614 implemented 'setup-main-chain-state' wizard
* ETCM-7530 - Removed active flow from runtime and node. To migrate, remove the following dependencies from you node
and runtime crates: `sp-active-flow`, `pallet-active-flow`, `pallet-active-flow-rpc`, `sp-incoming-tx`,
`allet-incoming-tx` and `allet-incoming-tx-rpc`. This involves removing Active Flow Pallet and Incoming Transactions
Pallet from the runtime, along with their configuration, chain spec configuration and RPC modules in the node.
* Removed the `runtime-constants` crate. `SLOTS_PER_EPOCH` parameter now needs to be defined by the
users in their runtime crate.
* ETCM-7762 - update to polkadot v1.13.0 - requires adaption in node code, because GenericChainSpec has lost one generic parameter
* ETCM-7759 - decoupled all crates that use chain follower data sources from the concrete `DataSources` type.
Now all logic accepts any type that implements one of the traits: `XXXDataSource` or `HasXXXDataSource`.
* ETCM-7766 - updates to accommodate to new version of partner-chains-smart-contracts: containers and devnet settings and utilities
* BREAKING: ETCM-7818 read candidates related main chain configuration from ledger, not from environment. Migration for existing chains is to put proper configuration in the ledger and then export chain as a spec file.
* ETCM-7855 - removed all Active Flow-related components and features. This change should not affect
Partner Chains nodes that did not use Active Flow.
* Clean up docs to support independent release from different repo
* Modify publish-doc.yml to only publish rustdocs
* Removed the `manage-devenv` crate
* ETCM-7938 - update polkadot-sdk to v1.14.0
* Renamed `sidechain_domain::BlockHash` to `McBlockHash` for clarity
* BREAKING: ETCM-7950 - Move SLOTS_PER_EPOCH to const to storage value in order to enable its configuration without recompilation. It is NOT BREAKING change for the chains having SLOTS_PER_EPOCH equal to 60.
* `sidechain-runtime` and `sidechains-substrate-node` crates are updated to version 1.0.0
* renamed `sidechains-substrate-node` to `partner-chains-node`

## Fixed
* ETCM-7745 - do not overwrite legacy chain params in partner-chains-cli prepare-configuration wizard
* ETCM-7713 - partner-chains-cli prepare-configuration small improvements and fixes

## Added
* ETCM-7610 implemented 'establish main chain configuration' step of prepare-configuration wizard
