## Changed

* Switched to paritytech/polkadot-sdk polkadot-stable2407-2. No migration is required because of this change.
* Reverted usage of custom Runner that allowed `async_run` with asynchronous initializer.
  Now `Runner` code used is the same as in paritytech/polkadot-sdk.
  This change requires updates in node: `new_partial` cannot be async.
  Run command dispatch looks more like in paritytech/polkadot-sdk.
* bugfix for Mainnet compatibility in the db-sync main-chain follower. Fixes null block_no column decoding problem.
* moved out some cli related code from `node` crate, in order to require less copy-paste in users nodes
* removed USE_CHAIN_INIT code. Migration strategy is to remove copy-pasted and adapted code. It will not compile with vanilla polkadot-sdk, that we plan to use in future.
* moved `pallet-partner-chains-session` from polkadot-sdk fork to this repository. Node uses vanilla grandpa and aura consensus now. No migration is needed.
* moved `sc-consensus-aura` from input-output-hk/polkadot-sdk fork to this repository,
  to `sc-partner-chains-consensus-aura` and `sp-partner-chains-consensus-aura`.
  This change requires migration of the node, PartnerChainsProposerFactory has to be used.
  See `service.rs` in `partner-chains-node` crate for an example.
* renamed sidechain-main-cli and relevant naming to pc-contracts-cli
* ETCM-6092 - removed the `epoch-derivation` crate, moving epoch derivation logic to the `sidechain-domain`
crate. Removed `EpochConfig` wrapper type; code using it should be changed to use `MainchainEpochConfig`
type directly, `EpochConfig::read()` uses should be replaced by `MainchainEpochConfig::read_from_env()`.

## Fixed
* ETCM-8267 - fixed `partner-chains-cli` missing the native token configuration

## Added
* ETCM-7811 - native token movement observability components: `sp-native-token-management` and
`pallet-native-token-management` crates; data sources behind the `native-token` feature in
`main-chain-follower-api` and `db-sync-follower` crates.
* added helper functions to `SidechainParams` and all `MainChainScripts` types to read them from environment
* Extrinsic `set_main_chain_scripts` for migrating to new committee selection main chain scripts
